Documentation/variables/aws/network.md, before:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT. THIS FILE IS GENERATED BY THE MAKEFILE. -->
# Terraform variables
This document gives an overview of variables used in the AWS platform of the network module.
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default |
|------|-------------|------|---------|
| bastion\_ami\_id | The AWS AMI id for bastion | `string` | `""` |
| bastion\_instance\_type | The AWS instance type for bastion | `string` | `"t3.micro"` |
| bastion\_key\_name | The AWS EC2 key name for bastion | `string` | n/a |
| cidr\_block | The CIDR block for AWS VPC | `string` | `"10.0.0.0/16"` |
| extra\_tags | Extra AWS tags to be applied to created resources | `map(string)` | `{}` |
| name | (Optional) name, used to compose the resource name | `string` | n/a |
| private\_zone | Create a private Route53 host zone | `bool` | `false` |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| bastion\_public\_ip | the public ip address for ssh |
| private\_subnet\_ids | resource can not be accessed publicly when use it |
| public\_subnet\_ids | resource can be accessed publicly when use it |
| vpc\_id | vpc id created by this module |
| zone\_id | private zone id for k8s |

Commit message:

Use VPC cidr as default while used amazon-vpc cni

Documentation/variables/aws/network.md, after:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT. THIS FILE IS GENERATED BY THE MAKEFILE. -->
# Terraform variables
This document gives an overview of variables used in the AWS platform of the network module.
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default |
|------|-------------|------|---------|
| bastion\_ami\_id | The AWS AMI id for bastion | `string` | `""` |
| bastion\_instance\_type | The AWS instance type for bastion | `string` | `"t3.micro"` |
| bastion\_key\_name | The AWS EC2 key name for bastion | `string` | n/a |
| cidr\_block | The CIDR block for AWS VPC | `string` | `"10.0.0.0/16"` |
| extra\_tags | Extra AWS tags to be applied to created resources | `map(string)` | `{}` |
| name | (Optional) name, used to compose the resource name | `string` | n/a |
| private\_zone | Create a private Route53 host zone | `bool` | `false` |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| bastion\_public\_ip | the public ip address for ssh |
| private\_subnet\_ids | resource can not be accessed publicly when use it |
| public\_subnet\_ids | resource can be accessed publicly when use it |
| vpc\_cidr | The CIDR block for AWS VPC. |
| vpc\_id | vpc id created by this module |
| zone\_id | private zone id for Kubernetes |
